# Portfolio
This repository is a display of my personal portfolio. This README document include explanation and illustration of my **course design**, **personal interest projects** and some part of **internship program**. 

***

## Course Design
  ### ⭐ Implementation of bilateral filtering
Bilateral filtering is a type of nonlinear filtering that can achieve the effect of denoising and edge preservation. Compared to Gaussian filtering, bilateral filtering has an additional mask, which also considers grayscale similarity. Therefore, bilateral filtering is a compromise processing that combines the spatial proximity and pixel value similarity of the image. This course design replicates this processing.

#### 🚢Specific principles
The kernel of the filter is generated by **two functions**:
**Space distance**: refers to the Euclidean distance between a point in the neighborhood and the center point.
**Grayscale distance**: refers to the absolute value of the difference between the grayscale of a certain point in the neighborhood and the grayscale of the center point.

Compared to Gaussian filtering, bilateral filtering adds weights to grayscale information, meaning that within the neighborhood, points with grayscale values closer to the center point have greater weights, while points with larger grayscale differences have smaller weights. So the final weight size of the mask is determined jointly by the spatial domain Gaussian kernel function and the value domain Gaussian kernel function.
